# ObjectBox Gradle Plugin

This is a collection of Gradle projects:
- `objectbox-gradle-plugin` provides the actual Gradle plugins (`io.objectbox` and `io.objectbox.sync`),
- `objectbox-processor` provides an annotation processor,
- `objectbox-generator` provides a source code generator used by the annotation processor,
- `objectbox-code-modifier` provides model file ("IdSync") generation used by the annotation processor,
  and byte-code transformers for Android and Java projects.
  - Multiple `agp-wrapper-x-y` projects provide a compatibility layer for specific versions 
  of the Android Plugin API, currently for byte-code transforms only.

All are published as Maven artifacts (see `gradle` folder). See the company Wiki for the release process.

## Requirements for projects applying the plugin

- Gradle `6.1` (see [GradleCompat](objectbox-gradle-plugin/src/main/kotlin/io/objectbox/gradle/util/GradleCompat.kt)).
- Android Plugin `3.4` (see [AndroidCompat](objectbox-gradle-plugin/src/main/kotlin/io/objectbox/gradle/util/AndroidCompat.kt)).
- JDK 8

Note: In our examples project, there is a `lowest-supported-tools` branch that uses these.

## Development

This project is known to build with JDK 11.
                                                
### Adding a new property type

This is a checklist on how to add support for a new property type:

-  (Optional) Java: update generated Flatbuffers Java classes to add new `PropertyType`.
-  Generator: add new generator `PropertyType` and map it to the Java API `PropertyType`.
-  Processor: add a field with each new supported type to `SimpleEntity.java` (`SimpleEntityTest`).
-  Processor: update to detect the new property types (also check if indexes should be prevented).
  - Update the model expected by the test.
-  Java API: add new collect methods to `Cursor.java`.
-  Generator: update `PropertyCollector` to generate code using the new collect methods.
  - Update the generated files expected by the test.
- Java integration tests: add a field with the new type to `TestEntity.java`, update `BoxTest.java`.
  - Java: update `TestEntity` and tests with code (incl. generated by the plugin) of integration tests.
- Java: add additional tests as needed, e.g. query the new property.
